Um....
So, wait, where were we?
Oh my gosh, wait. Fontaine's of Audubon.
Not am
That's the thing, like now it's less about...
Like it's, if we came in the more like have I'm it's more like crying
Now even more than ever.
yeah
I remember like before because like it was easy to follow.
Or maybe like instead of having banners like that, I feel like it's better like
Each person gets their own individual banner or something?
But that, that generates less money. That Generates less money, if you do that
So like my idea was like when you start the quest.
You get all the you get the banners for the characters in that nation
But I don't know how that works, like maybe you speak through the glass in like two days, you know what I mean?
But maybe like, maybe it's unlockable, like you said, like the level requirement instead of doing level requirements.
It is like you have to complete
At least the first part ah you have to complete the last Archon, Archon's storyline.
In orders to unlock the characters for the next nation
No, but then the Mexican, they didn't have enough money though, the point of *** banners is
Generate the ***
No, they spent more money when it started. It was everyone's
pull together and everyone's there at the same time, then you can take your time to be free to play and just keep grinding, right?
but if they give you a time limit, the more and more we'll spend money.
Serious
No, but what?Maybe what if it's like
no, but and like
If you got this standard banner, you get a character that's like 25 each words
I don't regret it.
I love my ***
I only remember our like 300, like 1,300 day Ayaka banner.
They're like 300 day Ayaka banner
I am, yeah, I am. Yeah, 300. It goes like that.
No, no, no. It was like the mentor number on the banner side like a really
long time but it didn't actually last that long.
It didn't no, it didn't actually last that long. It was just the number was really high.
And then they lowered it once they were ready to end the bet.
***I don't know.
oh...
I'm not sure about that one, I don't know.
I'm not a fan of turn-based combat. I like- I like gunship because I can just butt bash.
And it works. I like Genshin because I can button match and it works.
No, I I I have the keyword, right? So I just spam my skill because I have Navi on.
So Navia is basically her the way she works, her elemental side.
and all of her stuff is based off of attack.
And then you...
When you get like crystallized shields, the more shields you have. I think it's up to 6.
Um..The more shields you have, the more damage you do with your skill.
so it increases the base value and because the base value is increased if you do
***Just on the skill
Oh, she sells herself out to power creep. It's like over.
PPPPPPP
no...
Wow that's so like really good. I just need to do
That's such an early tension like simcard
That's
ohhh!
I didn't. I didn't do
Cuz I didn't pray to her***And then I had CCIMCbecause she was a good healer
and I likes healing
CC I have a really like she's not like
Oh she's in her 20k care, but like you know how like when you use her skin
When you like hit there's when you're like attacking something which is a acting
It feels like paradise. Like each one of those feels like a thousand miles.
Ohh....I ***
like I want 56, 60 but on side